org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TeleOPs/RogueOpBlue.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOPs.RogueOpBlue
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TrackWidthTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TrackWidthTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/WaitSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.WaitSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/Bot.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.Bot
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.Bot$1
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/BackAndForth.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.BackAndForth
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Misc/AutoCycleSmallBotTesting.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Misc.AutoCycleSmallBotTesting
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/MotorDirectionDebugger.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.MotorDirectionDebugger
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/MaxAngularVeloTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.MaxAngularVeloTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/EasyToggle.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.EasyToggle
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/TrajectorySegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.TrajectorySegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequenceBuilder.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder$1ComparingPoints
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceBuilder$AddPathCallback
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Misc/Spline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Misc.Spline
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Misc/Robot.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Misc.Robot
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TestClasses/RoadrunnerAutoTestingBlueLeft.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TestClasses.RoadrunnerAutoTestingBlueLeft
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequenceRunner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequenceRunner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/StraightTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.StraightTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/BlueWarehouseEmergency.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.BlueWarehouseEmergency
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/BNO055IMUUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.BNO055IMUUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TeleOPs/DebugOp.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOPs.DebugOp
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/TSEDetectionPipeline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.TSEDetectionPipeline
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TrackingWheelForwardOffsetTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TrackingWheelForwardOffsetTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/LynxModuleUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LynxModuleUtil
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LynxModuleUtil$LynxFirmwareVersion
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LynxModuleUtil$LynxFirmwareVersionException
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/Encoder.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.Encoder
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.Encoder$Direction
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Misc/Movement.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Misc.Movement
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/SampleMecanumDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.SampleMecanumDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/TurnSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.TurnSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/SplineTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.SplineTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/StandardTrackingWheelLocalizer.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.StandardTrackingWheelLocalizer
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TestClasses/RoadRunnerAutoTestingForDUCCCC.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TestClasses.RoadRunnerAutoTestingForDUCCCC
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/CannyEdge.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.CannyEdge
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/SampleTankDrive.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.SampleTankDrive
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/SkystoneDeterminationPipeline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.SkystoneDeterminationPipeline
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.SkystoneDeterminationPipeline$SkystonePosition
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/RedCarousel.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.RedCarousel
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/DriveConstants.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.DriveConstants
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/PIDS/PID.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.PIDS.PID
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TeleOPs/RogueOpRed.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOPs.RogueOpRed
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/FollowerPIDTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.FollowerPIDTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/DriveVelocityPIDTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.DriveVelocityPIDTuner$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/AutomaticFeedforwardTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.AutomaticFeedforwardTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/imagePipeline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.imagePipeline
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TurnTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TurnTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/RegressionUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.RegressionUtil
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.RegressionUtil$AccelResult
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.RegressionUtil$RampResult
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/BlueTest4x.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.BlueTest4x
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/EmptySequenceException.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.EmptySequenceException
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/NewDetectionPipeline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.NewDetectionPipeline
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/BarrierDetectionPipeline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.BarrierDetectionPipeline
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/TrackingWheelLateralDistanceTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.TrackingWheelLateralDistanceTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/BlueCarousel.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.BlueCarousel
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/TrajectorySequence.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.TrajectorySequence
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/AssetsTrajectoryManager.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.AssetsTrajectoryManager
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/ManualFeedforwardTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner$1
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.ManualFeedforwardTuner$Mode
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/BlueWarehouse.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.BlueWarehouse
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/PIDS/LiftPID.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.PIDS.LiftPID
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Misc/Auto.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Misc.Auto
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/DuckDetectionPipeline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.DuckDetectionPipeline
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/LoggingUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.LoggingUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/AxesSigns.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.AxesSigns
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/LocalizationTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.LocalizationTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/CubeDetectionPipeline.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.CubeDetectionPipeline
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/trajectorysequence/sequencesegment/SequenceSegment.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.trajectorysequence.sequencesegment.SequenceSegment
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/Misc/AutoDuccTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.Misc.AutoDuccTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/MaxVelocityTuner.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.MaxVelocityTuner
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/RedWarehouseEmergency.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.RedWarehouseEmergency
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/RedWarehouse.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.RedWarehouse
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TeleOPs/TestOp.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TeleOPs.TestOp
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TestClasses/RoadRunnerAutoTesting.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TestClasses.RoadRunnerAutoTesting
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/drive/opmode/StrafeTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.drive.opmode.StrafeTest
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/BuildConfig.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.BuildConfig
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/util/DashboardUtil.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.util.DashboardUtil
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/CameraPipelines/Vision.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.Vision
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.CameraPipelines.Vision$RingPosition
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/auto/BlueWarehouseSafe.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.auto.BlueWarehouseSafe
org/firstinspires/ftc/teamcode/TestClasses/RoadRunnerCycleTest.java
 org.firstinspires.ftc.teamcode.TestClasses.RoadRunnerCycleTest
